DOC-2058: Added TINY-9829 to the release notes. (#2772)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.5-release-notes.adoc

In {productname} 6.5, the markup was fixed by replacing the div element with a `<span>` element, aligning it with HTML guidelines. As a result, the updated close buttons now pass HTML markup checkers without throwing errors.

> === Pasting content into the editor would not fire an input event.

Reviewer: Bringing this up to date with latest changelog entry.
```suggestion
=== Pasting content into the editor did not fire `beforeinput` and `input` events.
```

//#TINY-9829

> In previous versions of {productname}, pasting content into the editor would not fire an input event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions of {productname}, pasting content into the editor would not fire an `input` event.
```

> This is contrary to web standards, which states that an input event should be fired when the value of a <textarea> element is changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is contrary to [web standards](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/input_event), which states that an input event should be fired when the value of a `<textarea>` element is changed.
```

> In {productname} 6.5, a `beforeinput` event and an `input` event, both with an “insertFromPaste” inputType property, are now fired in order when content is pasted into  the {productname} <textarea> field. In addition, the `beforeinput` event will also hold a `DataTransfer` object which contains the text/html data being pasted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {productname} 6.5, a `beforeinput` event and an `input` event, both with an “insertFromPaste” inputType property, are now fired in order when content is pasted into {productname}. In addition, the `beforeinput` event will also hold a `DataTransfer` object which contains the `text/html` data being pasted.
```

> === Pasting content into the editor did not fire `beforeinput` and `input` events.
> //#TINY-9829
> 
> In previous versions of {productname}, pasting content into the editor would not fire an `input` event.
> 
> This is contrary to [web standards](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/input_event), which states that an `input` event should be fired when the value of a `<textarea>` element is changed.
> 
> In {productname} 6.5, a `beforeinput` event and an `input` event, both with an “insertFromPaste” `inputType` property, are now fired in order when content is pasted into {productname}. In addition, the `beforeinput` event will also hold a `DataTransfer` object which contains the `text/html` data being pasted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Pasting content into the editor did not fire `beforeinput` and `input` events.
//#TINY-9829

In previous versions of {productname}, pasting content into the editor would not fire an `input` event.

This is contrary to [web standards](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/input_event), which states that an `input` event should be fired when the value of a `<textarea>` element is changed.

In {productname} 6.5, a `beforeinput` event and an `input` event, both with an _insertFromPaste_ `inputType` property, are now fired in order when content is pasted into {productname}.

In addition, the `beforeinput` event will also hold a `DataTransfer` object which contains the `text/html` data being pasted.
```

Copy-edits.

In {productname} 6.5, the markup was fixed by replacing the div element with a `<span>` element, aligning it with HTML guidelines. As a result, the updated close buttons now pass HTML markup checkers without throwing errors.

=== Pasting content into the editor did not fire `beforeinput` and `input` events.
//#TINY-9829

In previous versions of {productname}, pasting content into the editor would not fire an `input` event.

> This is contrary to [web standards](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/input_event), which states that an `input` event should be fired when the value of a `<textarea>` element is changed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is contrary to https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/input_event[web standards], which states that an `input` event should be fired when the value of a `<textarea>` element is changed.
```
Corrected markup: was a Markdown link; is now an AsciiDoc link macro.
